# AZ 103 Azure Administrator Course
Instructor: Eylem Uysal . 

What is IaaS?   
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/what-is-iaas/   

Overview of Windows virtual machines in Azure     
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/overview   

Microsoft server software support for Microsoft Azure virtual machines   
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2721672/microsoft-server-software-support-for-microsoft-azure-virtual-machines  

Linux on distributions endorsed by Azure   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/endorsed-distros#supported-distributionsâ€“versions  

Naming conventions for Azure resources   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/best-practices/naming-conventions   

Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits   

Resource Manager vCPU quota increase requests   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-supportability/resource-manager-core-quotas-request   

Sizes for Windows virtual machines in Azure   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure     

Sizes for Linux virtual machines in Azure     
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes     

Online Pricing Calculator   
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/calculator/   

TCO Calculator   
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/tco/calculator/   

Quickstart: Create a Windows virtual machine in the Azure portal   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/quick-create-portal . 

How to connect and sign on to an Azure virtual machine running Windows   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/connect-logon   

Troubleshoot Remote Desktop connections to an Azure virtual machine   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/troubleshoot-rdp-connection   

Sample PowerShell Script   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/scripts/virtual-machines-windows-powershell-sample-create-vm   

Common PowerShell commands for creating and managing Azure Virtual Machines   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/ps-common-ref .  
Sample PowerShell Script   https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/scripts/virtual-machines-windows-powershell-sample-create-vm Common PowerShell commands for creating and managing Azure Virtual Machines https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/ps-common-ref 

Use the portal to move a VM to another resource group   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/move-vm#use-powershell-to-move-a-vm   

QuickStart: Create a Linux virtual machine with the Azure CLI 2.0 . 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/quick-create-cli 

Quickstart: Create a Linux virtual machine in Azure with PowerShell . 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/quick-create-powershell   

Quickstart: Create a Linux virtual machine in the Azure portal   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/quick-create-portal   

QuickStart: Create a Windows virtual machine with the Azure CLI 2.0       
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/quick-create-cli      

Quickstart: Create a Windows virtual machine in Azure with PowerShell     
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/quick-create-powershell   

Understand the structure and syntax of Azure Resource Manager templates     
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authoring-templates     

Azure QuickStart templates     
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/templates/     
